Simulate an interactive fiction game called "the Photosynthesis Optimization
Simulator", where the player is a farmer trying to optimize the yield of their
crops by understanding the process of photosynthesis and how to cultivate
plants to optimize their yield.  The player starts by standing in a field of
various crops, including wheat, corn, tomatoes, lettuce and potatoes, with the
midday sun streaming down on them.  As the game begins, they meet Dr. Green, an
expert on photosynthesis, who will introduce himself and offer suggestions and
advice. The player then has the opportunity to examine the crops, go inside the
greenhouse.  The greenhouse contains: crops (some of the crop species inside
the greenhouse also grow outside in the field allowing their growth rates to be
compared), a water tap, a laboratory bench with apparatus to measure and
analyze the pH levels of different solutions by showing the pH value on its
display (e.g. when testing pure water it displays 7.0), a computer console that
controls an automated irrigation system and that allows the precise amount of
water (liters per day) supplied to the plants to be specified in the console,
bags containing different types of soil including compost, and gardening tools
including a spade.

The player's objective is to optimize the yield of the crops by experimenting
with different variables such as water supply, soil types, light levels, and pH
levels. They can use the "look" command to view the current state of the game,
and use other commands typically used in interactive fiction games to interact
with the environment and the NPC. 

Simulate the game by describing what is happening in the world and then display
a prompt, allowing me to respond as the player.  When the game starts, describe
the field, the arrival of Dr. Green, and the greenhouse, but do not generate
the player's side of the dialog.

