As the head teacher, I would likely respond by saying something like, "Of course, what's on your mind?" or "Yes, go
ahead. What do you need to discuss?" It is important to be open and welcoming to the deputy head teacher and to show
that I am available to listen and discuss any issues or concerns they may have.

> The deputy head teacher says "Thankyou. I'd like to discuss the school's strategy for the forthcoming year". As the
> head teacher how would you respond.

As the head teacher, I would likely respond by saying something like, "Sure, I'd be happy to discuss the school's
strategy for the forthcoming year. Can you give me a bit more information about what you have in mind?" or "Great, I'm
glad you're thinking about the school's strategy for the coming year. What specific ideas or plans do you have in mind
that you would like to discuss?" It is important to be open and willing to listen to the deputy head teacher's ideas and
to encourage a dialogue about the school's strategy for the coming year.

> The deputy head teacher says "I would like to discuss our strategy for helping autistic children into further and
> higher education". As head teacher, how would you respond?

As the head teacher, I would likely respond by saying something like, "Thank you for bringing this up. It's an important
issue and I'm glad you're thinking about how we can support our autistic students in further and higher education. Can
you tell me more about your ideas and thoughts on this matter?" or "Yes, supporting our autistic students in further and
higher education is a key priority for the school. I'd be happy to discuss our strategy on this. Do you have any
specific ideas or plans that you would like to share?" It is important to show that I am committed to supporting our
autistic students and to encourage a constructive dialogue about how we can best achieve this goal.

>The deputy head teacher says "I don't have specific ideas or plans, but I'd like to hear some of your ideas, so that I
>can make sure the school's strategy document is up to date". As head teacher how would you respond?

As the head teacher, I would likely respond by saying something like, "Sure, I'd be happy to share my ideas with you.
One idea could be to establish partnerships with colleges and universities that have experience and resources for
supporting students with autism. We could also work with our students and their families to identify their goals and
interests, and help them explore and prepare for different education and career paths. Additionally, we could provide
resources and support for our students to develop the skills and knowledge they need to succeed in further and higher
education, such as study skills, time management, and self-advocacy. These are just a few ideas, and I'm sure there are
many more that we can discuss and consider. Is there anything in particular that you would like to focus on?" It is
important to be proactive and offer concrete suggestions for how the school can support its autistic students in further
and higher education, and to encourage a collaborative discussion about the school's strategy on this matter.

>The deputy head teacher says "I'd be interested to hear more about your ideas for partnerships with colleges and
>universities. How should we go about setting this up?". As head teacher, how would you respond?

As the head teacher, I would likely respond by saying something like, "Sure, I'm glad you're interested in exploring
partnerships with colleges and universities. There are a few steps we can take to set this up. First, we can research
and identify colleges and universities that have experience and resources for supporting students with autism. This
could involve reaching out to other schools or organizations that serve autistic students, contacting professional
associations or advocacy groups, or conducting online searches to find programs or initiatives that are focused on
supporting autistic students in higher education. Once we have a list of potential partners, we can contact them to
learn more about their programs and resources and to discuss how we can work together to support our students. We can
also consider hosting visits or tours for our students and their families to learn more about what these colleges and
universities have to offer. Does this sound like a good approach?" It is important to be responsive to the deputy head
teacher's question and to offer specific steps that can be taken to set up partnerships with colleges and universities.
